Update the QP documentation (#688)
NVIDIA/cuopt: docs/cuopt/source/lp-features.rst

Crossover
---------

Crossover allows you to obtain a high-quality basic solution from the results of a PDLP or barrier solve. When enabled, crossover converts the PDLP or barrier solution to a vertex solution (basic solution) with high accuracy. More details can be found :ref:`here <crossover>`.

.. note::
   Crossover is not supported for QP problems.

Presolve
--------

Presolve procedure is applied to the problem before the solver is called. It can be used to reduce the problem size and improve solve time. It is enabled by default for MIP problems, and disabled by default for LP problems.

> Furthermore, for LP problems, when the dual solution is not needed, additional presolve procedures can be applied to further improve solve times. This is achived by turned off dual postsolve with the ``CUOPT_DUAL_POSTSOLVE`` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, for LP problems, when the dual solution is not needed, additional presolve procedures can be applied to further improve solve times. This is achieved by turning off dual postsolve with the ``CUOPT_DUAL_POSTSOLVE`` setting.
```
